{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\fi720\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0\b\f0\fs40\lang9 PROJECT Autonomous Drone Navigation\par

\pard\fi720\li2880\sa160\sl259\slmult0\b0\fs28 END USER MANUAL\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\b Project Description:-\par
\b0\fs22 This project focuses on developing an advanced Autonomous Drone Navigation System. Students will engage in creating a sophisticated flight computer, capable of interpreting depth images from lidar and Zed stereoscopic camera. This system will empower the drone to learn about its surrounding environment and formulate a flight path independent of GPS data.\par
\b\fs28 Project Hardware requirements:-\par
\b0\fs22 Drone, Zed 2 camera , 2D lidar , Jetson nano , Pixhawk\par
\b\fs28 Project Software requirements:\par
\b0\fs22 Visual Studio Code, Zed SDK, ROS(Robot Operating System), Unreal engine, Q Ground Control\par
\b\fs28 Installations:\par
\fs24 ZED SDK Installation \par
\fs22 Prerequisites:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0\b0 A compatible ZED stereo camera.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Ensure your system meets the minimum hardware requirements specified by Stereolabs.\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\b Installation Steps\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0 Download the SDK: Go to the ZED SDK download page and download the latest version compatible with your Windows system.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Run the Installer: Execute the downloaded .exe file and follow the on-screen instructions. This will install the necessary drivers and the SDK.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Restart Your Computer: After installation, reboot your computer to ensure all drivers are properly loaded.\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\par
\b\fs24 Unreal Engine Setup \par
\fs22 Prerequisites:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li765\sa160\sl259\slmult0\b0 A PC with Windows 10/11, macOS, or Linux.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Adequate hardware specs to run the engine smoothly (refer to Unreal Engine\rquote s system requirements).\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}A free Epic Games account to download Unreal Engine.\b\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0 Installation Steps\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0\b0 Download Epic Games Launcher: Visit the Epic Games Download Page and download the Epic Games Launcher.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Install the Launcher: Run the downloaded installer and follow the on-screen instructions. \par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Launch Epic Games Launcher: Sign in with your Epic Games account.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Install Unreal Engine: Navigate to the \lquote Unreal Engine\rquote  tab, click on the \lquote Library\rquote  section, and then click the \lquote +\rquote  button to add a new engine version.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Choose Version: Select the desired version of Unreal Engine and click \lquote Install\rquote .\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\par
\par
\b\fs24 QGroundControl Installation \par
\fs22 Prerequisites :\b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0 A compatible computer\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}A UAV that communicates using the MAVLink protocol.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}A stable internet connection for downloading the software.\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\b Installation Steps\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0\b0 Download QGroundControl: Visit the QGroundControl download page and select the appropriate version for your operating system.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Install the Application:\par

\pard\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0 -Windows: Run the downloaded .exe installer and follow the installation prompts.\par
-macOS: Open the .dmg file and drag the QGroundControl app to your Applications folder\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\b Post-Installation\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0\b0 Connect to Your UAV: Connect your UAV to QGroundControl using USB, Telemetry Radio, or Wi-Fi, depending on your drone's setup.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Firmware Setup: If needed, update your UAV's firmware through QGroundControl.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Calibrate Sensors: Follow the on-screen instructions in QGroundControl to calibrate your UAV's sensors.\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\b\fs24\par
ROS(Robot Operating System)\par
\fs22 Prerequisites:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0\b0\fs24 Primarily a machine with Ubuntu 20.04 (Focal) release or Windows 10/11\b\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0 Configure Ubuntu repositories. Setup environment (for both).\b\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\par
Installation Steps:\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0\b0\fs22 Go through these steps for complete installation of ROS- {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://wiki.ros.org/noetic/Installation/Ubuntu }}{\fldrslt{https://wiki.ros.org/noetic/Installation/Ubuntu\ul0\cf0}}}}\b\f0\fs24\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}\b0\fs22 Build Rplidar ros package- \b\fs24\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\b0\fs22                1) Create a catkin's workspcae.\b\fs24\par
\b0\fs22                2) Clone this project to your catkin's workspace src folder\par
                   ({{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/robopeak/rplidar_ros }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/robopeak/rplidar_ros\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22 )\par
               3) Running catkin_make to build rplidarNode and rplidarNodeClient\par
\b Run rplidar ros package\b0\par
There're two ways to run rplidar ros package\par
I. Run rplidar node and view in the rviz\par
roslaunch rplidar_ros view_rplidar.launch\par
You should see rplidar's scan result in the rviz.\par
II. Run rplidar node and view using test application\par
roslaunch rplidar_ros rplidar.launch \par
rosrun rplidar_ros rplidarNodeClient\par
You should see rplidar's scan result in the console\par
\par
\b\fs24 RPLidar SDK Installation (Windows)\b0\fs22\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0 Download RPLidar A1M8 SDK package (The lidar we are using for this project through through {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.slamtec.ai/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.slamtec.ai/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22 . Slamtec provides usermanual, rplidarkit, datasheet and many more on various lidars.\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Install a driver- CP210xVCPInstaller_x64 from SDK package\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0                (rplidar_sdk\\rplidar_sdk-master\\tools\\cp2102_driver\\CP210x_Windows_Drivers)\par

\pard{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf1\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa160\sl259\slmult0 Connect rplidar to the system using USB cable, then you should see the port in the device manager. (Make sure you select right COM port)\par
{\pntext\f1\'B7\tab}Then you should see an application of UI representing the lidar.\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0 The app directory contains the related sample code. And SLAMTEC provides\par
the following demo applications in the app directory:\par
3 other ways to use\par
1. ultra_simple: An ultra-simple command line application demonstrates the simplest way to\par
connect to an RPLIDAR device and continuously fetching the scan data and\par
outputting the data to the console.\par
2. simple_grabber:\par
A command line grab application. Each execution will grab two round of laser\par
data and show as histogram. \par
3. frame_grabber\par
A win32 GUI grab application. When pressing start scan button, it will start\par
scan continuously and show the data in the UI.\par

\pard\sa160\sl259\slmult0\par
}
 